The President: Hi, everybody.
This week, I delivered my
State of the Union Address.
Today, here's the
three-minute version.
After four years of economic
growth with eight million new
private sector jobs, our
unemployment rate is the lowest
it's been in more
than five years.
And with the
economy speeding up,
companies say they intend to
hire more people this year.
But while those at the top
are doing better than ever,
average wages have
barely budged.
Inequality has deepened.
Too many Americans are working
harder and harder
just to get by.
And too many still
aren't working at all.
Our job is to
reverse those trends.
It's time to restore opportunity
for all people - the idea that
no matter who you are, if you
work hard and live up to your
responsibilities, you
can make it if you try.
The opportunity agenda I laid
out on Tuesday has four parts.
This week, I took
them on the road.
Job one is more new jobs:
jobs in construction
and manufacturing, jobs in
innovation and energy.
In Wisconsin, I talked with
plant workers at GE about
part two: training more
Americans with the skills
to fill those new jobs.
In Tennessee, I talked with
students about part three:
guaranteeing every child access
to a world-class education,
from early childhood,
through college,
and right into a career.
And with steelworkers
in Pittsburgh,
and retail workers in Maryland,
I laid out part four:
making sure hard work pays
off for men and women,
with wages you can live on,
savings you can retire on,
and health insurance that's
there for you when you need it.
These ideas will strengthen
the middle class and help more
people work their way
into the middle class.
Some of them will
require Congress.
But wherever I can take steps
to expand opportunity for more
families on my own, I will.
I'm going to ask business
leaders, education leaders,
and philanthropic leaders to
partner with
us to advance these goals.
And every single day, I'm going
to fight for these priorities -
to shift the odds back in favor
of more working and middle-class
families, and to keep America a
place where you can always make
it if you try.
Thanks.
Have a great weekend.
And enjoy the Super Bowl.